We came to support the preaching campaign in Bolivia.
We live far away from here. We come from Brazil.
Do you want to know why we came here?
This is my dad, my mom, and me.
Me and my wife tried to encourage Olivia to have spiritual goals.
Many other brothers also came like Enrique and Cynthia
that had been in Bethel for almost 10 years.
What motivated me to come to the campaign
was the opportunity to enhance my preaching skills
and the quality of my ministry.
My name is Taina, I'm 22 years old.
I really want to be a pioneer to be in full-time service.
But because of my circumstances, I haven't been able to start yet.
But I wanted to be here because I knew that for these 10 days,
I'd be living the life of full-time service.
Acts 16-9 says,
Step over into Macedonia and help us.
That really applies to Bolivia.
In this case, it's step over into Bolivia and help us.
It's a very productive ministry
with people who need Jehovah and who are willing to learn about him.
As I'm a very anxious and insecure person,
I really, really wanted to come,
but there was a point that I got really anxious about how it would be here.
And there was that insecurity about being in another place
with a different language.
No, we didn't have much money at all.
We had to make some adjustments.
We had to plan our budget very carefully.
My mum was going to have surgery,
and it was going to be on the day that we were coming here.
We prayed to Jehovah, left the matter in his hands.
We decided to trust in him.
And in the end, Mum's surgery was postponed.
We had the opportunity to meet many brothers and sisters.
Every day, someone invited us to come to have some coffee, lunch.
Some don't have much, but the little they have,
they offer us such love and it's so good to feel this.
Jehovah is so good as Psalm 34 verse 8 says.
Jehovah has given us the privilege of being used by him to contact these people.
The campaign helped me to improve my preaching skills.
With Jehovah's help, I had some great conversations.
This campaign has been good for us in so many ways.
New culture, new friends, feeling the warmth, the love of all the brothers.
The campaign has had a real impact on our daughter.
During our conversations, we can see that her desire to set spiritual goals has increased.
I want to stay more here in Bolivia.
If I could, I'd stay here much longer,
because ten days was really short, too short.
The campaign is motivating me a lot to start full-time service,
to continue pursuing my goals.
It's helped me to develop some qualities,
such as controlling more my anxiety, my insecurities,
and trusting more in Jehovah.
When I look back on this campaign, I know I'm going to miss it a lot.
The feeling of being a mini missionary for ten days.
We are taking to Brazil a wonderful experience.
Beyond what we imagine when we took the decision to come here.
I would like to tell my parents that I'm very grateful for being able to come here.